A breakdown of how the contract works.
the marketplace has two types of listing
0) Direct Listing
1) Auction Listing


when creating listing, the listing type for Direct Listing is 0, and the listingtype for auction listing is 1.
    Direct Listing
With Direct listing- the nft is still in the address of the lister
the nft is only transferred out when a 
1) buyer buys(pays the exact price) the nft 
2) buyer creates an offer and the lister accept the offer
*with buy(the nft is transfered automatically)
buy - when a user buys an nft, the nft is paid for in the lister currency and in the exact price of the nft 
offer - offers can be created both in the lister currency or in any currency of the buyer choice and also in any amount
*with offer(the nft is transfered only when the lister accepts the offer)
*  if a buyer makes
     *       makes two offers to the same direct listing, the last offer is counted as the buyer's offer to that listing.
Note:  direct listing can be edited whenever.

            Auction Listing
The listingtype for auction listing is 1.
With Auction Listing - THe nft is transferred from the lister and escrowed by the marketplace
A user can only bid in the currency specified by the lister and also in the amount greater than or equals to the _reservePricePerToken
if
     *       `buyoutPricePerToken` is greater than 0, and a bidder's bid is at least as great as
     *           `buyoutPricePerToken * quantityToList`, the bidder wins the auction, and the auction is closed.

-note if the auction endtime has not reached and there is a bid. the auction cannot be closed.
if there is no bid and the auction endtime has not reached, the auction can be close(only by the lister)
if there is no bid and the auction endtime has reached, the auction can be close(only by the lister)
if the auction has not started, it can be closed(ny the lister)

transfer of assets is not done automatically
when auction end time has elapsed. There are two thing to be done to the closeAuction(for asset to be trasnferred to the lister and highest bidder)
any account can close an auction on behalf of either the (1) auction's creator, or (2) winning bidder.
    For (1): The auction creator is sent the the winning bid amount.
    For (2): The winning bidder is sent the auctioned NFTs.
so the close auctions needs to be called twice with the address of the lister and the address of the higest bidder on the same listingId

each newbid must be bidbuffer greater than the previous bid i.e 5% greater than the previous winning bid
each time a newbid is created the previous bidder bid is sent back to him/her

if a buyer/bidder  pays the exact buyoutPricePerToken. the nft is sent to him automaticALLY and the auction is closed for him, the auction will need to be closed for lister so
that the lister can get his fund and the platform owner will get his own shares of the sales.

if a bidder creates a bid when it's less than the time buffer to the end of the auction, the timebuffer is added to the end time of the auction
//timeBuffer = 15 minute 

* THe auction can be created in two ways for lister
1) auction with buyout:- if a user pays the buyout amount the auction will closed automatically and no bid will be accepted again
2) auction without buyout:- auction only close when the endtime of the auction has reached. so the bids can keep going up
